Body wave hair, one of the most popular hair textures in wigs and hair bundles, caters to a wide range of women's styles and looks.
Though body wave sew-in hair has a shine, it can become dull and lose its waves if not adequately cared for. So, once you've received your sew-ins, the care routine begins. Human hair and synthetic hair are the two main types of body wave sew-in. Human hair has a more natural appearance and lasts longer than synthetic hair, but it is more expensive. As a result, it requires time and energy to maintain the investment and keep the hair alive and shiny.
Before we begin discussing how to care for body wave hair, we must first define what body wave hair is.


What Exactly Is A Body Wave Sew-In?
Body wave hair has loose curls, a loose "S" shape similar to one's curve body, and is defined by very loose curly hair. And this type of hair is popular due to its versatility and ease of maintenance. As a result, it's ideal for people who want to switch up their appearance without investing too much time or effort. You can learn more about body wave hair by visiting the body wave hair guide.


Can Body Wave Sew In Styling?
Body wave hair is famous for its variety of styles and looks, making it ideal for someone who likes to experiment with different looks on a regular basis. If you have a body wave hair sew-in made of human hair, you can style it with heat and even dye it if you don't like the original color, but it's best to keep the hair processed with less heat and chemicals. Because using heat can affect the waves and even the lifespan of the hair bundles, and dying the hair is not only time-consuming but can also dull the hair.
After styling your hair:
Add some tea tree oil to a leave-in conditioner.
Spray your body wave hair.
Massage your scalp for complete absorption on a regular basis to help you avoid frizz and scalp dryness, especially in Autumn.
You can restore the life and style of your waves with foam wraps or mousse.



Properly Wash The Body Wave Sew In

Make the following preparations:
Bundles of Body Wave Hair

Towel
Coarse-toothed comb
Shampoo
Conditioner
Wig Cap (Optional)



1. Detangle your hair from the tips to the roots with a wide-tooth comb. Then, completely wet your bundles before applying shampoo, and make sure that every strand is thoroughly washed with shampoo.
2. To get a better cleaning result, gently rub the weave hair from the bottom to the end. Keep in mind that rubbing the hair randomly and roughly will result in tangles.
3. Ensure that your hair has been thoroughly washed and shampooed. To avoid tangling, you should also rub your hair from the roots to the ends.
4. Use conditioner to keep the hair healthy and free of dryness, and also rub the hair as you would when washing it. Wait about 10 minutes before rinsing out all of the conditioners.
5. Gently dry the excess water from the hair with a towel. Apply leave-in conditioner all over the body, wave hair and gently comb with a wide-tooth brush. You can also create natural waves by scrunching the hair several times while it is drying.



How Do You Restore Body Wave Hair Waves?
You can try some simple methods without any professional products or skills. Of course, you can go to a salon and have experts transform your hair and make it bouncy again, but it will most likely cost a fortune.



Here are some easy steps:
1. Place your hair on the foil to keep your table clean and your results better. Wet the hair first, and then use an oil, such as pure argan oil, tea tree oil, or olive oil mousse, to keep it from drying out. However, unless you intend to perform a deep conditioning treatment, we recommend that you avoid using too much oil on a regular basis.
2. Then, using a small tooth comb, detangle the sew-in hair from the roots and style the hair in an "S" shape similar to body wave hair.
3. Finally, let your hair air-dry and wait patiently.
